These are the steps that will be followed for implementation of Salary Management.
the detailed steps are written down into artifacts.txt file explainign each commit with prompt used.

1. Need to create a rails app in rails 7 along with inbuilt react app using jsbuilder.
2. set up database and gemfile for required TDD approach.
3. Set up react that goes hand in hand with rails app and things render from react and not from rails 		when bin/dev is triggered.
4. set up testing part on react app for TDD approach.
5. implementation starts from here.
6. create a country table(migration) with proper indexes.
7. Writing specs for model and the required association.
8. make them fail, create a model and associations and make them pass.
9. write rspec for api controller for crud operation one by one for country.
10. make them fail and write the controller and make them pass.
11. Write jest tests and make them fail for admin panel
12. create simple UI like admin panel for country and make the test pass and refactor.
13. I would write migration for creating department next.
14. write rspec for associations and make them fail.
15. create a department model and create associations and make the tests pass.
16. write rspec for crud operations on department and make them fail.
17. create crud operations and make the tests pass.
18. write jest for simple UI for department and make it fail.
19. create UI for department and make the tests pass.
20. I would write migration for creating employee next.
21. write rspec for associations and make them fail.
22. create a employee model and create associations and make the tests pass.
23. write rspec for crud operations on employee and make them fail.
24. create crud operations and make the tests pass.
25. write jest for simple UI for employee and make it fail.
26. create UI for employee and make the tests pass.
27. write rspec for basic search functionality on country, for name and code.
28. make the tests fail.
29. implement the search functionlaity and make tests pass.
30. writing basic jest for search functionality on country and making it fail.
31. make the functionality along with UI and make it pass.
32. write rspec for basic search functionality on department, for name and code.
33. make the tests fail.
34. implement the search functionlaity and make tests pass.
35. writing basic jest for search functionality on department and making it fail.
36. make the functionality along with UI and make it pass.
Employee: This is a complex part.
37. writing rspec for multi search functionlity and making them fail.
38. create a multi search functionality and make it pass.
39. jest test cases for multi search UI.
40. create the UI and make it pass and refactor.
41. rspec for sorting on rails side and making it fail.
42. implement sorting on employee admin panel and make the test pass.
43. jest for sorting on react end and make it fail.
44. create the sort and accept the data incoming and make the test pass.
45. Rspec for salary insights and make them fail.
46. writing the code for every query, i.e., for every requirement and making the tests pass one by one.
47. creating jest tests for react and making them fail.
48. create the employee insights and make the tests pass.
49. Rspec for seed file rake tasks for creating 10,000 employees
50. make the tests pass by writing the code and taking good care of optimization.
51. Rspec for CSV import on country and making it fail.
52. create the functionality and make it pass.
53. Rspec for CSV import on Department and making it fail.
54. create the functionality and make it pass.
55. Rspec for CSV import on Employee and making it fail.
56. create the functionality and make it pass.
57. Once everything is ready, I shall dockerize the whole app.
58. setting up everythin on render.com
59. Hosting the app and getting the live url.

For simplicity and easy access and document segregation, all files are saved in sample files.
including first_name.txt, last_name.txt, country.csv, department.csv, employee.csv files


















